Ouch, shake brother, go
Brother Shake, what do you want me to do?
Dongzi asks you something
Do you know the person Hong Sijiu Hong Ye?
Master Hong, of course I know
The whole Marina Street community knows him
Red Lord
What's the matter with Brother Dong?
You don't have to ask
Please help me check his address.
I'm going to kill
What to kill red master
Not brother knife
Are you kidding me?
Do you think I'm kidding?
Brother Dao, can't you go?
This red leaf is still very powerful in Binhai City
He not only has the Thirteen Taibao under his command
There is also a 2 yuan add-on.
It is said that they all came from Shaolin
And they have guns in their hands
crowd
We can't stand this red eye.
This world
There is no one I can't offend, Chen Xiaotao
This red wine must die
Must also die at my hands
Since Brother Dao has decided
Whether it is up the knife mountain or down the pot
Dongzidong accompanies you
If you believe me
You're going to expand your territory now
Increase your position on the road
After Hong Sijiu dies, the road will be reshuffled
I will support you then
Replace the position of Red Four Nine
Thank you knife brother
It's just that this red leaf has been operating in Binhai for decades
This power is intertwined, I'm afraid you know a word
Wall down everyone pushes
After Hong Sijiu died
Those who are so-called loyal to him
It's all up to you
That's the reality.
OK
I understand, Brother Dao, then I'll go to Hongyan now.
You are busy first